I firmly believe that a strong sense of determination is a key to a successful life.
My view on this issue is that people spend too much attention to the lives of celebrities.
I object to paying a large sum of money to watch a live performance because I can experience the same level of enjoyment watching the show on my TV.
I question whether income is the most important aspect of a job.
Similarly, advertising reveals a lot about a country's culture, values, and morals.
Compared to non-fiction, fiction can be a welcome distraction from real life.
Complaining in writing is similar to doing it in person because a customer is voicing his opinion in each case. 
The advantages of internet banking far outweigh the disadvantages.
In contrast, children of parents who forbid them to eat fast food end up trying it but not eating it on a regular basis. 
Conversely, home schooling a child can be very productive because the child receives the full attention of the parent.
However, unlike lecture-style classes, discussion groups give students a chance to voice their opinions.
Even so, school uniforms provide students with fond memories of school long after they have graduated.
In spite of the pollution that is emitted by cars, I still believe they are one of the greatest inventions of the century.
Accordingly, travelers should bring one warm sweater or jacket that can be removed easily if the weather is warmer than expected.
For this reason, I am against the excessive presence of advertising in schools. 
It is clear that progress is often harmful, especially to people who are unable to benefit from it.
It seems clear that a sense of discipline is useful for several reasons.
I would consider taking a job with less pay providing that it is in a field that I am passionate about.
If it were up to me, I would require all first-year students to attend all their classes or risk failing marks.
I would work for a large company on the condition that I would still have a chance to express myself once in a while.
If I had an opportunity to help someone younger than me, I would want to tell him about some of the mistakes I made in my life.
In all likelihood, cities would benefit from increased spending on public transportation.
Regardless of the amount of natural talent one has, if one doesn't work hard, one will never find success.